readme.md, before:

# Overview
The creation of this project follows this fantastic Bevy tutorial series by Zymertu Games on YouTube with my own twist on some details. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6ZFuYYZCSY&list=PL2wAo2qwCxGDp9fzBOTy_kpUTSwM1iWWd

Cow: https://poly.pizza/m/26zM1outCr
poop: https://poly.pizza/m/65wuu48mFfG
Farmer: https://poly.pizza/m/7pn3R6hPvE

[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/sQdrIU8EIwE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/sQdrIU8EIwE)

# [Play the Game!](https://alpacasweater.github.io/heifer_havoc/)


# TODO: 
- [x] Look into [web deployment on github pages](https://bevy-cheatbook.github.io/platforms/wasm.html)
- [x] Follow on [tutorial 4](https://youtu.be/pm4LLMsKJQg?si=9BDM8LHQ_XFKPQ4l)
- [ ] Follow on [tutorial 5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSuQ-dQSxys)

# Features TODO:
- [ ] There's a request for levels and bosses.
- [ ] I Want an ammo limit with reloading by eating different foods that the cow can pick up.
- [ ] I want different foods to correspond to different weapons (machine gun, shotgun, low rate explode with sharpnel)
- [ ] I want different baddies. Farmers, cowboys, milkmaids
- [ ] Cow and baddies should have HP and ammo should influence the HP instead of directly despawning.
- [ ] Split screen for 2-4 people to play on the same machine
- [ ] Support for gamepads
- [ ] Spash screen and UI
- [ ] Database to record high scores - half done
- [ ] Support mobile somehow. Not sure what control inputs to use...

// Notes:
Tutorial series uses Bevy 0.12. I'm using Bevy 0.15 because 0.16 is too new to work with Avian3d. Should use [Bevy migration guides](https://bevyengine.org/learn/migration-guides/introduction) to update when possible.

Commit message:

Migrated to Bevy 0.16 and Avian 0.3. Started adding animations.

readme.md, after:

# Overview
The creation of this project follows this fantastic Bevy tutorial series by Zymertu Games on YouTube with my own twist on some details. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6ZFuYYZCSY&list=PL2wAo2qwCxGDp9fzBOTy_kpUTSwM1iWWd

Cow: https://poly.pizza/m/26zM1outCr
poop: https://poly.pizza/m/65wuu48mFfG
Farmer: https://poly.pizza/m/7pn3R6hPvE

[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/sQdrIU8EIwE/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/sQdrIU8EIwE)

# [Play the Game!](https://alpacasweater.github.io/heifer_havoc/)


# TODO: 
- [x] Look into [web deployment on github pages](https://bevy-cheatbook.github.io/platforms/wasm.html)
- [x] Follow on [tutorial 4](https://youtu.be/pm4LLMsKJQg?si=9BDM8LHQ_XFKPQ4l)
- [ ] Follow on [tutorial 5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSuQ-dQSxys)
- [x] Migrate from Bevy 0.15 to 0.16 and use Avian 0.3

# Features TODO:
- [ ] There's a request for levels and bosses.
- [ ] I Want an ammo limit with reloading by eating different foods that the cow can pick up.
- [ ] I want different foods to correspond to different weapons (machine gun, shotgun, low rate explode with sharpnel)
- [ ] I want different baddies. Farmers, cowboys, milkmaids
- [ ] Cow and baddies should have HP and ammo should influence the HP instead of directly despawning.
- [ ] Split screen for 2-4 people to play on the same machine
- [ ] Support for gamepads
- [ ] Spash screen and UI
- [ ] Database to record high scores - half done
- [ ] Support mobile somehow. Not sure what control inputs to use...
- [ ] Add animations

// Notes:
Tutorial series uses Bevy 0.12. I'm using Bevy 0.15 because 0.16 is too new to work with Avian3d. Should use [Bevy migration guides](https://bevyengine.org/learn/migration-guides/introduction) to update when possible.
